progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Bloody Harvest	po	
10	Someone's been attacked in the city, I have to help them.	po.	
12	Vampires attacked the townspeople! I dealt with them, but there was another threat.	po.	
15	I was attacked by some necromancer, I have to deal with him.	po.	
20	I need to meet with Brother Gabriel to discuss the vampire attacks.	po.	
22	I need to meet with Grisenda to talk about her sister, who may have learned something new about vampires.	po.	
25	Brother Gabriel asked to check if the villagers at Storm Mountain were safe.	po.	
30	The villagers have been killed and turned into zombies! But it looks like some of them have been taken to Castle Storm, I have to save them.	po.	
32	Somehow I ended up on the walls of Castle Storm, I need to somehow get down.	po.	
35	I have to deal with the vampire.	po.	
37	I have to get down from the castle walls somehow.	po.	
40	I need to get into the castle itself to find the surviving villagers.	po.	
42	I have to deal with the other vampire.	po.	
45	I need to get into the castle itself to find the surviving villagers.	po.	
47	I have to deal with the third vampire.	po.	
50	I have to deal with Baron Storm.	po.	
52	I have to deal with the necromancer and the vampire lord.	po.	
55	I need to get back to Brother Gabriel to report the incident to the village near Mount Storm and to castle.	po.	
60	I have to meet Grisenda's sister in Navarian to learn important information about vampires.	po.	
62	I have to go back to Castle Storm to find its founder's notes on how to defeat vampires.	po.	
65	I have to find a necromancer who lives in Deadwood near Kingsbridge, so that I can use her to connect with the spirit of the founder of Castle Storm.	po.	
67	I need to bring something that belonged to the founder of Castle Storm, to necromancer Gwen, to Deadwood. Perhaps Grisenda's sister will help me.	po.	
70	I need to find an ancient seal that will help me lock the vampires in their lair, in an abandoned tower in the Zamorh Mountains.	po.	
72	I managed to find the ancient seal, and now I need to meet with Anita in Freetown to discuss the search for a sword capable of killing the main vampire.	po.	
75	Anita informed me that the kidnapper has the sword, and I need to find his hiding place in the Emerald Valley.	po.	
77	I have to defeat the evil ghost guarding someone's human remains.	po.	
80	I'm supposed to meet Anita at Storm Castle.	po.	
81	I must have the ancient seal with me so that the wizard can activate it in the dungeon of Castle Storm.	po.	
83	I have to get into the dungeon of Storm Castle so that the wizard can activate the ancient seal.	po.	
85	I have to defeat the vampire lord to get into the dungeons of Castle Storm.	po.	
87	I have to get into the dungeon of Storm Castle so that the wizard can activate the ancient seal.	po.	
90	I have to defeat a trio of female vampires to get into the dungeons of Castle Storm.	po.	
92	I have to get into the dungeon of Storm Castle so that the wizard can activate the ancient seal.	po.	
95	I have to defeat the vampire lord to get to the center of the Castle Storm dungeon.	po.	
97	I have to get to the center of the Castle Storm dungeon so that the wizard can activate the ancient seal.	po.	
98	I have to defeat the blood lord who wants to prevent the wizard from activating the ancient seal.	po.	
100	I managed to defeat the vampires of Castle Storm by locking them in their lair.	po.	
