progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Freedom and Law Order	po	
10	The wife of the governor of Freeport was robbed, and by his order the city was blocked. Perhaps I can help catch the criminals, first need to talk to praetor Anwar.	po.	
15	In order for the Makbul from the Seventh House to be able to trust me, I need to pick up a negotiated item for him from a man named Omar.	po.	
17	Omar agreed to give Makbul's goods if I brought him 5,000 coins.	po.	
18	I took the goods from Omar, now I need to deliver it to Makbul.	po.	
20	Praetor Anwar suspects that a man named Makbul is one of the thieves, it is necessary to try to ingratiate himself into his confidence to find out if the praetor is right.	po.	
30	In order for the Makbul from the Seventh House to be able to trust me, I need to pick up a negotiated item for him from a man named Omar.	po.	
35	Omar agreed to give Makbul's goods if I brought him 5,000 coins.	po.	
40	I took the goods from Omar, now I need to deliver it to Makbul.	po.	
50	The boss of the Makbul needs to take some things out of the city, quite possibly stolen, I agreed to help them, we need to meet with him at night.	po.	
55	The boss of the Makbul needs to take some things out of the city, quite possibly stolen, I agreed to help them, we need to meet with him at night.	po.	
60	I told praetor Anwar about the planned escape of possible thieves, he offered to join them so that I could lead the thieves into an ambush arranged by the praetor.	po.	
70	I need to get Nail and his gang out of town through the sewers.	po.	
80	I need to get Nail and his gang out of the city through the sewers, where praetor Anwar's ambush will be waiting for him.	po.	
85	Nail gave me the address where they hid the stolen items, it is necessary to give it to praetor Anwar.	po.	
90	Nail and his gang were ambushed by praetor Anwar, and I have to survive somehow!	po.	
95	I helped praetor Anwar catch the thieves, now I have to go back to the city for the reward.	po.	
100	I helped Nail and his gang get the stolen items out of Freeport, and he rewarded me handsomely.	po.	
110	I helped to return the things stolen from the wife of the governor of Freeport, without giving the thieves to the legionnaires.	po.	
120	I helped catch the thieves who robbed the wife of the governor of Freeport, and received a generous reward from him.	po.	
130	I helped catch the thieves who robbed the wife of the governor of Freeport, and received a generous reward from him.	po.	
135	I helped catch the thieves who robbed the wife of the governor of Freeport, and received a generous reward from him, but angered the Seventh House.	po.	
140	I have appropriated the things stolen by the Naila gang, but angered the Seventh House.	po.	
145	I have appropriated the things stolen by the Naila gang, but became an enemy of the Freeport legionnaires.	po.	
150	I have appropriated the things stolen by the Naila gang, but became an enemy of the Freeport legionnaires and angered the Seventh House.	po.	
