progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Holiday is coming to us	po	
10	I met a little boy in Whitetower in square, and he refused to talk about himself until I brought him something delicious, or should I ask the residents about him.	po.	
15	A little boy named Kai asked me to help him arrange a holiday, but I refused.	po.	
20	A little boy named Kai asked me to help him arrange a holiday, and I agreed. It is necessary to talk to the artisan Jeanne.	po.	
25	I need to find a suitable fir tree for the holiday in the woods near Whitetower, perhaps the lumberjacks who went to the northwest will help me with this.	po.	
27	I need to find a suitable fir tree for the holiday in the woods near Whitetower, perhaps the lumberjacks who went to the northwest will help me with this.	po.	
30	I was attacked by an unknown creature, I have to deal with it.	po.	
32	I got a fir tree for the holiday, now I need to go back to Whitetower to the artisan Jeanne.	po.	
35	I need to talk to the brewer Tonel about his participation in the holyliday.	po.	
37	I have to help the brewer Tonel deal with his problem.	po.	
40	I helped the brewer Tonel deal with his problem, now he can help arrange a holiday.	po.	
42	Tonel agreed to help with the holiday, but his liquor supplies were stolen by giants, it is necessary to find them. The looted cache is located in the southwest in the Wyvern Mountains, you need to start looking for it.	po.	
45	I found the giants, I need to take the stolen liquor from them.	po.	
47	I took the stolen liquor, now I need to get back to Tonel.	po.	
50	An unknown creature stole a festive fir tree and gifts, perhaps a sorceress living in the northeast in the Wyvern Mountains will help find the kidnapper.	po.	
52	The sorceress Ginerva agreed to help me if I would bring the heart of Oberon, which is located somewhere in the Wyvern Mountains.	po.	
55	I got the heart of Oberon, now I need to get back to the sorceress Ginerva.	po.	
57	The sorceress Ginerva gave me an artifact with which I can get into the lair of the abductor, I must return to Whitetower to find out exactly where he was seen.	po.	
60	I was able to get into the kidnapper's lair, now I need to find him.	po.	
62	I have to deal with the green creature.	po.	
65	I've defeated the kidnapper, and now I need to return the stolen goods to Whitetower.	po.	
66	I've defeated the kidnapper, and now I need to return the stolen goods to Whitetower.	po.	
67	Some ice women attacked Whitetower, I have to deal with them.	po.	
68	I defeated one of ice women.	po.	
69	I defeated two ice women.	po.	
70	I defeated three of ice women.	po.	
71	I've defeated the ice women, and now I can continue helping Kai organize the holiday.	po.	
72	I've defeated the ice women, and now I can continue helping Kai organize the holiday.	po.	
73	I'm in some unknown place, I need to find a way out of here.	po.	
75	I have to deal with horned creature.	po.	
77	I need to find a way out of the strange place I'm in.	po.	
80	I have to help Kai finish preparing the holiday.	po.	
100	I helped Kai arrange a holiday.	po.	
