progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Immersed in Darkness	po	
10	The magician Elizar told me about the Temple of Knowledge, where I can find a magical artifact, I must find out about its location from magister Mundrick in Whitetower.	po.	
12	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 5 merples.	po.	
14	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 6 white wolf pelts.	po.	
16	Magister Mundrick has agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I bring him the pelt of a spotted bear from the Icemist Fjord.	po.	
17	I have received the pelt of a spotted bear, it is necessary to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
18	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him wyvern's tail.	po.	
19	I got the wyvern's tail, I need to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
20	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him paw of yeti.	po.	
21	I got the paw of yeti, I need to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
22	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him giant mead.	po.	
24	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 4 fox tails.	po.	
26	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 6 seaweed.	po.	
28	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 2 bear pelts.	po.	
30	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 2 golden apples.	po.	
32	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him deer horns.	po.	
34	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 5 deadweed.	po.	
36	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 5 fire drake scale.	po.	
38	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 3 fire salts, 3 living ice and 3 sparkling powder.	po.	
40	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 3 sabercat eyes.	po.	
42	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him minotaur horn.	po.	
44	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 3 chitin carapaces.	po.	
46	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 2 snow leopard pelt.	po.	
48	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 3 mamba fangs and 3 coral snake fangs.	po.	
50	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him sting manticore.	po.	
51	I got the sting manticore, I need to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
52	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him meat ape.	po.	
53	I got the meat ape, I need to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
54	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him 3 troll hides.	po.	
56	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him amulet of druid.	po.	
57	I got the amulet of druid, I need to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
58	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him head of ursan.	po.	
59	I got the head of ursan, I need to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
60	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him demonic wolf skull.	po.	
62	Magister Mundrick has agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I bring him the Varannari totem.	po.	
64	Magister Mundrick agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I brought him heart dragon.	po.	
65	I got the heart dragon, I need to give it to magister Mundrick.	po.	
66	Magister Mundrick has agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I bring him the purple medallion.	po.	
68	Magister Mundrick has agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I return his orb, which is located somewhere in the sewers of Icemist.	po.	
69	I found magister Mundrick's orb, I need to give it to him.	po.	
70	Magister Mundrick has agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I bring him the 5 ancient battery.	po.	
72	Magister Mundrick has agreed to give me the key stone from the Temple of Knowledge if I bring him the large battery.	po.	
80	Magister Mundrick gave me a key stone, now I need to find a cave in the Crimson Hills, which has passages leading to the Temple of Knowledge.	po.	
85	I found myself in dark caves, I need to find a way to the Temple of Knowledge or a way out of here.	po.	
86	I found another key stone in the Temple of Knowledge.	po.	
87	I found the second key stone in the Temple of Knowledge.	po.	
88	I found the third key stone in the Temple of Knowledge.	po.	
90	I was able to activate the bridge leading to the inaccessible part of the Temple of Knowledge, now I have to investigate it.	po.	
95	The guardian of the Temple of Knowledge informed me that there is nothing useful here, but perhaps I will be able to find something.	po.	
100	I have obtained the blood tree ring needed to destroy the seals of deterrence.	po.	