progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Ladies' Man	po	
10	Neville is in trouble again, we need to ask him about it.	po.	
20	Neville is courting a lady who has a tiara endowed with strong magic enough to break the seal, he wants to give her rare snow flowers growing far to the north in the mountains of Thir, I have to find them.	po.	
25	The elder of highlanders will give me the snow flowers if I kill the monster that lives in a cave near the village.	po.	
30	I killed the monster, now it is necessary to inform the elder of the highlanders about it.	po.	
35	I managed to get the snow flowers, now I need to deliver them to Neville in Freetown.	po.	
40	I have to find the poet Leoric and get his poems, perhaps the search should start in the oasis of Sydarun.	po.	
45	Praetor Jenard informed me that the poet was last seen in the Trollfens, perhaps I can find him there..	po.	
50	I managed to get a copy of the poet Leoric's new poems, now I need to deliver them to Neville in Freetown.	po.	
55	I have to meet Neville's accomplice in Freetown at night, who will take me to the young lady I have to eliminate.	po.	
60	I have to kill lady Papewidow.	po.	
62	I have to kill lady Papewidow.	po.	
65	I killed lady Papewidow, now I need to tell Neville about it.	po.	
70	There is a moon curse on Neville's lady, I have to find out something about this curse, and how to remove it.	po.	
75	Sansa informed me about a hermit wizard living in a cave in White Plains who knows something about the moon curse, I have to find him.	po.	
77	I found a cave in which a hermit wizard may live, I need to inspect the cave to make sure of this.	po.	
80	I managed to find out a way to remove the moon curse, now I need to inform Neville in Freetown about it.	po.	
83	I have to talk to Neville's lady about performing a ritual to remove the moon curse from her.	po.	
85	The ritual of removing the lunar curse did not go according to plan, it is necessary to overcome the monster that lady Rusthatchet has turned into.	po.	
100	I have obtained diadem of family Rusthatchet necessary to destroy the seals.	po.	
