progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Last Race	po	
10	I met Dominick, who was going to avenge a murdered friend, and I agreed to help him. I have to meet him at night in the Rhöneis Plains.	po.	
20	Dominick has arranged a showdown with a hostile gang, I have to help him defeat them.	po.	
25	I helped Dominick deal with a hostile gang and guards, now I need to talk to him.	po.	
30	Dominick offered to meet him in Lamis to thank me for my help.	po.	
35	Dominick said that his girlfriend was killed and he was going to avenge her, I agreed to help him. I have to meet him near Sydarun.	po.	
37	Dominick has arranged a showdown with a gang of slavers, I have to help him defeat them.	po.	
40	I helped Dominick deal with a gang of slavers and free the slaves, now I need to talk to him.	po.	
42	Dominick offered to meet him near Kingsbridge to thank me for my help.	po.	
45	Dominick and I were attacked by unknown people, I have to defeat them.	po.	
47	I've dealt with the unknown assailants, now I need to talk to Dominick about it.	po.	
50	Dominick is being hunted by secret guards, and I agreed to help him get rid of them. I have to meet him on the bridge next to Storm Castle.	po.	
52	Dominick ambushed the secret guard squad, I have to help him defeat them.	po.	
55	I helped Dominick defeat Duan "Mount" and his squad, now I need to talk to him.	po.	
57	Dominick offered to meet him near Lanneger to thank me for my help.	po.	
60	Duan "Mount" informed Dominick that his girlfriend was alive and asked to return the stolen artifact "Eye of Tol 2.0", I agreed to help Dominick deal with it. I have to meet him in the Friguld.	po.	
62	Dominick and his friends are having a showdown in the Friguld, I have to find and talk to him.	po.	
65	I have to find the "Eye of Tol 2.0" artifact in the basement of governor Friguld's mansion.	po.	
67	I found the artifact "Eye of Tol 2.0", now I need to return it to the Duan "Mount" in Lanneger.	po.	
70	Dominick's friends are being hunted by some maniac, and I agreed to help him find and get rid of him. I have to meet him in New Garand.	po.	
72	Duan "Mount" informed Dominick that the maniac is Chief Philosopher and he can be found in Freetown, I agreed to help Dominick deal with him. I have to meet him in Freetown.	po.	
75	Chief Philosopher and his gang are rioting in Freetown, I have to find Dominick and talk to him.	po.	
77	Dominick got into a fight with Chief Philosopher, I have to help him defeat him.	po.	
80	I helped Dominick deal with Chief Philosopher, now I need to talk to him.	po.	
82	Dominick offered to meet him in New Garand to thank me for my help.	po.	
85	Some psycho named Durant and his accomplices kidnapped Dominick's son, and I agreed to help him get him back. I have to meet him at Durant's hideout in the Eastern Korne.	po.	
87	I broke into Durant's hideout, now I need to find Dominick and talk to him.	po.	
90	I have to find Dominick's son.	po.	
92	Dominick's younger brother went in search of Dominick's son, I have to find and defeat Durant.	po.	
95	I defeated the Wicked Witch, now the way to Durant is open.	po.	
97	I have to help Dominick defeat Durant.	po.	
98	I helped Dominick deal with Durant, now I need to talk to him.	po.	
100	Dominick died or survived, but I helped him defeat his enemies.	po.	
110	I met Dominick, who was going to avenge a murdered friend, and I refused to help him.	po.	
120	I made Dominick very angry.	po.	