progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Lost in a Good Book	Perdido en un Buen Libro	
10	Arkados from the thieves' guild has asked me to find out what happened to a missing comrade of his, named Sulidar.  He entered the [BLUE]Grey Library in Freetown[], and never returned to the guildhouse, although it's possible he left the city.	Arkados, del gremio de ladrones, me ha pedido que intente encontrar a uno de sus compañeros, Sulidar. Entró en la [BLUE]Biblioteca Gris de Freetown[], y no ha regresado, aunque es posible que se haya marchado a otra ciudad.	
20	"Arkados from the thieves' guild has asked me to find out what happened to a missing comrade of his, named Sulidar. I found a secret passage in the Freetown library; maybe he found it before me."	"Arkados, del gremio de ladrones, me ha pedido que intente encontrar a uno de sus compañeros, Sulidar. He encontrado un pasadizo secreto en la Biblioteca de Freetown; quizá él lo encontró también."	
30	Arkados from the thieves' guild has asked me to find out what happened to a missing comrade of his, named Sulidar. I found a secret room and a strange book that teleported me to a snowy landscape.	Arkados, del gremio de ladrones, me ha pedido que intente encontrar a uno de sus compañeros, Sulidar. He encontrado un pasadizo secreto y un extraño libro que me ha teleportado a un paisaje nevado.	
40	Arkados from the thieves' guild has asked me to find out what happened to a missing comrade of his, named Sulidar. I found him, a couple of giants is keeping him as prisoner in the Wyvern Mountains. 	Arkados, del gremio de ladrones, me ha pedido que intente encontrar a uno de sus compañeros, Sulidar. Le he encontrado, dos gigantes le tienen prisionero en las Montañas Wyvern. 	
43	"I found Sulidar, the thief missing from Freetown. He is being held captive by two hungry giants at the Wyvern Mountains; unless I can bring them back their sack of winter rations, they'll likely end up eating him. They claim the sack was stolen by 'little evil men' that inhabit these mountains."	"Encontré a Sulidar, el ladrón desaparecido en Freetown. Le tienen prisionero dos gigantes hambrientos en las Montañas Wyvern; si no les traigo de vuelta su saco de reciones de invierno, they'll likely end up eating him. Dicen que se lo han robado unos 'hombrecillos malvados' que viven en estas montañas."	
45	"I found Sulidar, the thief missing from Freetown. He is being held captive by two hungry giants at the Wyvern Mountains; but I found their sack of winter rations, I hope they'll now agree to set him free."	"Encontré a Sulidar, el ladrón desaparecido en Freetown. Le tienen prisionero dos gigantes hambrientos en las Montañas Wyvern; he encontrado su saco de reciones de invierno, con un poco de suerte ahora le dejarán marchar."	
50	I decided to fight the two giants in the Wyvern Mountains that are keeping Sulidar the thief captive.	He decidido luchar con los dos gigantes de las Montañas Wyvern que tienen prisionero a Sulidar el ladrón.	
70	The strange giants freed Sulidar the thief. I should talk to him.	Los extraños gigantes han liberado a Sulidar el ladrón. Debería hablar con él.	
80	Sulidar died when I was trying to save him. I should go back to Arkados in the Seventh House guildhouse of Freetown to report about all this.	Sulidar murió cuando intentaba rescatarle. Debería ir a ver a Arkados en el el escondite de la Séptima Casa en Freetown.	
90	I rescued Sulidar and sent him back to Freetown. I should go back to Arkados in the Seventh House guildhouse of Freetown to report about all this.	Rescaté a Sulidar y le envié de vuelta a Freetown. Debería ir a ver a Arkados en el el escondite de la Séptima Casa en Freetown.	
100	I rescued Sulidar from his book-adventure.	Rescaté a Sulidar de su aventura en un libro.	
200	I tried to rescue Sulidar the thief from his book-adventure, but he died.	Intenté rescatar a Sulidar el ladrón pero murió.	
