progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	The most famous in the kingdom	po	
10	I met Mikaela, who is assembling her own musical troupe, and I refused to help her.	po.	
15	I met Mikaela, who is assembling her own musical troupe, and I agreed to help her. I have to find and persuade Alice, who is in the shelter, to join the troupe.	po.	
20	I persuaded Alice to join the musical troupe, now I need to get back to Mikaela.	po.	
25	Alice and I have to find Layla in Kingsbridge.	po.	
30	Layla owed money to local bandits, and I offered to get rid of them. I have to kill them in a rented house, which she will lure them to at night.	po.	
35	Layla owes money to the local bandits, I have to negotiate with the House of Seven to solve this problem.	po.	
37	Kardagis agreed to solve the problem with Layla's debts if I paid 3,000 coins.	po.	
40	Kardagis has solved Layla's debt problem, I have to go back to Kingsbridge and tell her about it.	po.	
45	Alice and I have to find Violetta in New Garand, and Layla's friend will help us with this.	po.	
47	I have to help Violetta deal with the uninvited guests.	po.	
50	Alice and I managed to find Layla and Violetta, now we need to return to Mikaela in the mistress's shelter.	po.	
55	Alice and I have to eliminate the competitors of our troupe, one of them is on the road leading to New Anthur.	po.	
56	I eliminated one of the musicians of the competing troupe, there was still one more.	po.	
57	I eliminated the competing troupe, now I have to meet Violetta in New Anthur.	po.	
60	Alice, Violetta and I must eliminate the second competing troupe, consisting of sectarians, who are in the basement in New Anthur.	po.	
65	In order for our troupe to perform, it is necessary to obtain royal permission, perhaps I will be able to do this at the royal castle of New Garand.	po.	
70	To get royal permission, I have to eliminate some poet, I need to meet with the customer's person at night in New Garand.	po.	
72	The poet I have to eliminate is named Dustin the White, I can find him on the Farmlands New Garand at night.	po.	
75	I killed the poet Dustin the White, it is necessary to inform the governor at the royal castle of New Garand about this.	po.	
80	I have received royal permission to perform, now I need to return to Mikaela in the mistress's shelter.	po.	
85	I have to meet Mikaela and the rest of the musical troupe in Lanneger.	po.	
90	Our troupe was attacked by a troupe of the dead! I need to deal with the attacking undead.	po.	
100	I helped Mikaela create a musical troupe, but how long will this troupe last?	po.	
130	The quest failed.	po.	
