progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	The Royal Will	po	
10	I met Princess Bernadette, who took me to the royal castle.	po.	
12	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
15	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
16	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
17	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
18	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
19	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
20	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
21	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
22	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
23	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
24	I have to take down a bunch of criminals to pass Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
25	I dealt with the criminals and passed Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
27	I dealt with the criminals and passed Princess Bernadette's test.	po.	
30	I found myself in the throne room of a castle, where I had to meet someone.	po.	
35	I need to talk to Archont about Princess Bernadette's plan.	po.	
40	I must meet Archont and the pirates in the west of Dragon Nest, at the mouth of the river.	po.	
42	I must meet Archont and the pirates in the west of Dragon Nest, at the mouth of the river. Princess Bernadette has told me not to tell Prince Alarion about her plans, but it's still worth passing on this important information to him to help his cause.	po.	
45	I must meet Archont and the pirates in the west of Dragon Nest, at the mouth of the river, but try to avoid participating in the attack on the governor's son.	po.	
47	I have to help Archont deal with the pirates.	po.	
50	I need to get to the ruined lighthouse on the Desolate Cape in order to cross to the island.	po.	
55	I have to meet Alarion in the Royal Forest.	po.	
57	I avoided participating in the attack on the governor's son, and now I must meet Alarion in the Royal Forest.	po.	
60	Archont and I must sneak up on the rebels and deal with them.	po.	
62	Archont and I must reach the rebels and deal with them.	po.	
63	I helped Princess Bernadette deal with the rebels, and now I need to talk to her.	po.	
64	I need to find magister Kaledor in Istril to pick up the camouflage cloaks. The guardmaster can help me find him.	po.	
66	I need to find magister Kaledor in Istril to pick up the camouflage cloaks, I can find him in the east, outside the city, near the farms.	po.	
68	I need to deliver the camouflage cloaks to Alarion, and I can contact him using his coin.	po.	
70	I have to meet Alarion in the Royal Forest after he saves Dariel.	po.	
72	I'm supposed to meet Alarion and Havis at night at the entrance to the tavern "Cheerful Passerby".	po.	
75	I need to get to the room where Dariel is being held.	po.	
77	I have to deal with Archont to get into the room where Dariel is being held.	po.	
80	I have to free Dariel.	po.	
82	I have to meet Princess Bernadette.	po.	
85	I need to get to the source of the noise.	po.	
87	I have to go back to my room.	po.	
95	I have to meet Alarion in the Royal Forest.	po.	
97	I must meet Alarion at night at the old royal castle in the north of the Royal Forest.	po.	
100	I helped Princess Bernadette solve her problem with Alarion.	po.	
110	I agreed to continue helping Prince Alarion in his rebellious cause.	po.	
