progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Kingdom of Sins	po	
10	On the road between New Garad and Kingbridge, I came across a bandit and a girl quarreling, I decided to stand up for the bandit.	po.	
12	The bandit offered me to work for his gang, I have to talk to their boss.	po.	
15	Boss Rickman has arranged for negotiations with a gang of harlots on New Garand farmlands, I have to make sure that they go quietly.	po.	
17	The negotiations didn't go according to plan, I have to protect Vince and deal with the harlots..	po.	
20	The negotiations didn't go according to plan, I have to inform Boss Rickman about it.	po.	
25	A gang of harlots attacked a hiding place of bandits located in the Northern Bluemist River, I have to protect it.	po.	
30	I managed to protect the bandits' hiding place, I have to inform the boss about it.	po.	
35	I have to eliminate the leader of the harlot gang, whose lair is located at mountain Storm.	po.	
40	I managed to kill the boss of the harlot gang, I have to inform the boss about it.	po.	
45	I managed to protect the bandits' hiding place and managed to take a prisoner, now we need to talk to boss Rickman about future plans.	po.	
50	On the road between New Garad and Kingbridge, I came across a bandit and a girl quarreling, I decided to stand up for the girl.	po.	
52	On the road between New Garad and Kingbridge, I came across a bandit and a girl quarreling, I helped a girl buy off a bandit.	po.	
55	The girl I helped led me to the gate, where I was stunned and trapped in a cage. I need to find a way to get out.	po.	
60	Mistress Philippa said that the bandits had agreed to negotiate with her on New Garand farmlands, and I should help deal with the bandits who would come to the meeting.	po.	
62	I have to help Agnes deal with the bandits.	po.	
65	I helped kill the bandits who came to the negotiations, I have to inform mistress Philippa about this.	po.	
70	Bandits kidnappers several girls working for the mistress, the kidnappers' lair is near Kingsbridge, I have to free them.	po.	
72	I managed to free the kidnapped girls, I have to inform mistress about it.	po.	
75	I have to eliminate the boss of the gang whose lair is at Rhöneis.	po.	
77	I managed to kill the boss of the gang, I have to inform mistress about it.	po.	
80	Mistress Philippa reported that the bandits had agreed to negotiate with her on the outskirts of New Garand, and I must settle their differences.	po.	
82	I have arranged a personal meeting with the bandit boss, I must inform mistress Philippa about this.	po.	
85	Unknown kidnappers several girls working for the mistress, the kidnappers' lair is near Kingsbridge, I have to free them.	po.	
87	I managed to free the kidnapped girls, I have to inform mistress about it in New Garand.	po.	
89	Mistress Philippa was attacked, I have to protect her!	po.	
90	I've dealt with mistress Philippa's attackers, and now I need to talk to her.	po.	
91	I have to talk to the gang boss about helping him.	po.	
92	Unknown attacked a hiding place of bandits located in the Northern Bluemist River, I have to protect it.	po.	
93	I have to deliver a message from boss Rickman to mistress Philippa.	po.	
95	I'm supposed to meet boss Rickman and Agnes at night in New Garand.	po.	
96	I, along with Rickman and Agnes, must get to Baron Enterprise and kill him.	po.	
97	I have to kill the monster that Baron Enterprice has turned into.	po.	
98	I have to return to mistress Philippa's hideout to receive the reward.	po.	
100	I helped mistress Philippa deal with her enemy.	po.	
110	I helped boss Rickman deal with his enemy.	po.	
120	I helped mistress Philippa and boss Rickman deal with Baron Enterprise, who was trying to pit them against each other.	po.	
