progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Size Matters 	po	
10	Boss Rickman suspects that Johnny robbed the gang's warehouse, I agreed to help find him, I need to talk to Vince to find out the details.	po.	
15	Vince informed me that I would be able to find Johnny at some dorm in New Garand.	po.	
20	Johnny and I have to help Vince win the argument, we need to learn about wild magic from Varannari in Lamis.	po.	
25	Duck Tail has agreed to tell me about wild magic if I destroy the beastmen. I can find them at night at Mount Orogg.	po.	
26	I killed one of the beastmen.	po.	
27	I killed one of the beastmen.	po.	
28	I killed one of the beastmen.	po.	
29	I killed one of the beastmen.	po.	
30	I have killed all the beastmen, it is necessary to inform the Duck Tail about this.	po.	
35	Duck Tail didn't tell us anything useful, now we need to go to Icemist, where I will find Boss Rickman's man who will help us.	po.	
37	I need to pay 50 thousand coins or get the dragon's heart so that Gigi can help me get to the leader of the sorcerer group.	po.	
40	I need to get the dragon's heart so that Gigi can help me get to the leader of the sorcerer group.	po.	
42	I got the dragon's heart, I need to get back to Gigi so that she can help me get to the leader of the sorcerer group.	po.	
45	Gigi brought me to the leader of the sorcerer group, Magister Astutus, and I need to negotiate with him for help in solving Vince's problem.	po.	
47	Gigi brought me to the leader of the sorcerer group, Magister Astutus, we need to negotiate with him for help in solving Vince's problem, but we will have to pay him 50 thousand coins.	po.	
50	Gigi brought me to the leader of the sorcerer group, Magister Astutus, and I need to negotiate with him for help in solving Vince's problem, in exchange for the dragon's heart.	po.	
52	Magister Astutus has agreed to help me, if I help him lure his enemy Lexus into a prepared trap, I must ask Serunus for details.	po.	
55	I need to talk to Lexus in order to lure him into the trap Astutus has prepared for him.	po.	
57	I led Lexus and his men into the trap Astutus had prepared for them.	po.	
60	I informed Lexus about the trap prepared for him and brought him there with a squad at his request.	po.	
62	I have to help Astutus deal with the Lexus.	po.	
65	Lexus has a showdown with Astutus, I need to wait to find out how it ends.	po.	
67	Lexus is dead, now we need to talk to Astutus about Vince's problem.	po.	
70	Astutus is dead, now we need to talk to Lexus about Vince's problem.	po.	
72	It is necessary to return to Rickman to report on the found solution to Vince's problem.	po.	
75	We need to find Vince, he went to the Friguld, to the alchemist, maybe we can find out something there.	po.	
77	Vince went to Skull Island, maybe Captain Dorse will help me get there.	po.	
80	It is necessary to find Vince on Skull Island.	po.	
82	I haven't been able to find Vince on Skull Island, I need to go back to Friguld and ask about Vince's whereabouts again.	po.	
85	It is necessary to return to Rickman together with Vince.	po.	
87	Rickman's house was attacked by a gang of minotaurs, we need to deal with them.	po.	
90	The Minotaurs have been destroyed, now we need to talk to Rickman.	po.	
100	I helped solve Vince's problem, even though he doesn't need it anymore.	po.	
130	The quest failed.	po.	
