progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Smoke without Fire	po	
10	A thief has entered my house! We need to grab him before he has time to escape.	po.	
15	The thief who entered my house acted on someone's orders, perhaps the city guards will help me in some way.	po.	
20	The head of the guard will not help, I will have to look for the thief who sent to my house myself.	po.	
25	I was attacked by bandits acting at the behest of the same unknown, perhaps now it's worth turning to those who are outlaws in the city.	po.	
30	In the House of Seven, I found out the identity of the thief and his place of residence, perhaps this will help me in some way.	po.	
35	I was attacked by a wizard who was hired again by the same unknown, we need to find someone who will really help solve this problem.	po.	
40	I met a private detective magician who is ready to help me, he needs to look at the note of the deceased thief.	po.	
45	I met a private detective magician who is ready to help me, but he needs to pay 300 coins.	po.	
50	I hired a private detective-magician, I need to meet with him in Icemist to hear what he managed to find out.	po.	
55	Percy offers to break into the house of a suspected wizard, for this I have to get a device from his friend Ell.	po.	
60	Ell is willing to give up the device if I get ice thistle seeds in Whitetower.	po.	
63	I got the ice thistle seeds, now I have to go back to Ell.	po.	
65	I got the necessary device, now I need to meet Percy at night at the suspected wizard's dwelling.	po.	
70	I managed to get into the home of the suspected wizard, now I need to find evidence of his guilt.	po.	
75	Magister Windchaser turned out to be the employer! Percy offered to go to Lannegar to catch the leader of the robbers hunting me, and with his help to ambush the wizard.	po.	
77	I ran into a gang of robbers in Lannegar, I need to deal with them by capturing their leader.	po.	
78	Percy, through the leader of the robbers, sent a message to Magister Windchaser, setting up a meeting place with him in Solliga.	po.	
79	It is necessary to get to the place of the scheduled meeting with Magister Windchaser in Solliga.	po.	
80	Magister Windchaser guessed about the ambush arranged for him and sent a squad of assassins.	po.	
85	We managed to find out from the leader of the assassins that the Magister Windchaser can be found in the fire altar at the Zamor pass.	po.	
90	The ritual of the Magister Windchaser went wrong, and he died, now it is necessary to deal with the consequences of his failure.	po.	
95	My problem with Magister Windchaser is solved, now I need to talk to Percy.	po.	
100	The problem with magister Windchaser that haunted me has been solved.	po.	
110	The problem with magister Windchaser, who was chasing me, is solved, now I can use his ritual.	po.	
120	The problem with magister Windchaser that haunted me has been solved.	po.	