progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Time to pay up	po	
10	Adaon has disappeared somewhere, maybe I can find him somewhere in New Garand.	po.	
15	I met a crook who knew Adaon, and he informed me that I would be able to find Adaon in a hidden place near the temple.	po.	
20	I found Adaon, he said he was fine, and I'll see you later.	po.	
25	Adaon was attacked by unknown people, I have to deal with them.	po.	
27	I've dealt with the attackers, and now I need to discuss what happened with Adaon.	po.	
30	Adaon and I need to get to Liberty, where he will tell me how to deal with his problem.	po.	
32	Adaon and I have arrived in Liberty, and need to talk to Adaon so that he can tell me how to deal with his problem.	po.	
35	I need to talk to the local gang boss to solve Adaon's problem.	po.	
40	I need to negotiate with the fishermen who worked for Kiara, I will be able to find them on the shore at the foot of Zamor.	po.	
41	I was able to negotiate with one of the groups of fishermen.	po.	
42	I was able to negotiate with two groups of fishermen.	po.	
43	I was able to negotiate with the fishermen, and now I need to meet Kiara's man at night on the dock in Liberty so that he can take me to the captain who betrayed her.	po.	
45	I have to deal with the captain who betrayed Kiara.	po.	
47	I have to deal with the captain who betrayed Kiara.	po.	
50	I made an agreement with the fishermen and dealt with the captain who betrayed Kiara, now I need to inform her about this.	po.	
52	I made an agreement with the fishermen and dealt with the captain who betrayed Kiara, now I need to inform her about this.	po.	
55	I have to follow Kiara's man who went to a meeting outside the city in the north to find out if he is a traitor or not.	po.	
60	The man Kiara sent to the meeting turned out to be a traitor, I have to deal with him.	po.	
65	I have to deliver the traitor to Kiara.	po.	
70	I have to help Kiara deal with the main traitor.	po.	
75	The main traitor is dead, now need to talk to Kiara.	po.	
97	I have to deal with Kiara.	po.	
100	I solved Adaon's problem by dealing with Kiara.	po.	
110	I solved Adaon's problem by helping Kiara.	po.	
