progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Unstoppable Stalker	po	
10	Mikaela asked me to deal with a fan who constantly harasses her and steals her panties, and give her back her favorite ones. I have to find someone to help me with this task.	po.	
12	I need to find Percival in New Garand to help me figure out Mikaela's problem.	po.	
15	Percival suggested ambushing Mikaela's stalker with her panties, I should discuss this plan with her.	po.	
17	Mikaela agreed to the proposed plan to capture the stalker, and I have to return to New Garand to inform Percival.	po.	
20	I need to talk to Mikaela to start implementing our plan to capture the stalker.	po.	
22	I have to deal with Mikaela's stalker.	po.	
25	I have to meet with the enchantress Ellery in Icemist to get a device with which I can find Mikaela's stalker.	po.	
27	I managed to find the lair of Mikaela's stalker, maybe this time I will be able to deal with him.	po.	
30	Mikaela's stalker escaped again, but I managed to find her favorite panties, I need to return them to her in New Garand.	po.	
32	Mikaela's stalker has infiltrated her troupe's rehearsal, I have to deal with him.	po.	
35	I need to meet the Hunting Moon in the Elder Forest so that she can help me deal with Mikaela's problem.	po.	
37	Hunting Moon agreed to help me find Mikaela's stalker, but I need something from the girl to track down our target.	po.	
40	Mikaela gave me her panties, and I have to give them to the Hunting Moon in the south Bluemist river so that she can use them to track down Mikaela's pursuer.	po.	
42	I have to meet with Hunting Moon messenger in New Garand at night to find out about the result of the search for Mikaela's stalker.	po.	
45	The messenger of Hunting Moon reported that she had found the lair of Mikaela's stalker in the south Sagar forest.	po.	
47	Mikaela's stalker has escaped, but I need to inspect his lair, just in case.	po.	
50	Mikaela's stalker escaped, but I managed to find her favorite panties, I need to return them to her.	po.	
52	Mikaela's stalker has infiltrated her troupe's rehearsal, I have to deal with him.	po.	
55	I need to find Magister, maybe he can help me figure out Mikaela's problem, and I should probably start looking for him with an Icemist.	po.	
57	I met with the arcane knight Valeran, he agreed to arrange a meeting with Magister in Icemist at night.	po.	
60	Magister agreed to help me, and I have to meet with his messenger in New Garand to find out about the result of the search for Mikaela's stalker.	po.	
62	Magister's messenger reported that the lair of Mikaela's pursuer had been found in the south Sagar forest.	po.	
65	Thanks to Magister, I managed to find the lair of Mikaela's stalker, and now I need to deal with him.	po.	
67	I helped Mikaela get to the shelter.	po.	
70	I have to finally deal with Mikaela's stalker.	po.	
100	I helped Mikaela deal with a persistent fan.	po.	
130	The quest failed.	po.	
