progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Varsilian Job	po	
10	A being from other worlds told me about a Whitetoad relic endowed with strong magic enough to break the seal, perhaps Neville has friends in New Garand who can help get it.	po.	
15	The organizer of the robberies, Hugh, agreed to help me, I have to meet him in a basement on New Garand farmlands.	po.	
20	I have to assemble a team for the robbery, first I need to recruit the spy Anika Jennet in Nivarian.	po.	
25	Anika agreed to join the team if I took the key from the priest, who should be on the shore of lake Nivar at night.	po.	
30	I took the key from the priest, now I have to give it to Anika.	po.	
35	I have to assemble a team for the robbery, now it is necessary to free the Katasakh gladiator from the arena in Freetown.	po.	
37	I won the battle, now I need to talk to the tribune about the release of Katasakh.	po.	
40	I have to assemble a team for a robbery, it is necessary to find a burglar magician in Icemist.	po.	
45	Sansa has agreed to join the team if I deal with her ex-boyfriend who is in her house.	po.	
50	I have to assemble a team for the robbery, it is necessary to recruit the magician-illusionist Maurice in Friguld.	po.	
55	Maurice has agreed to join the team, if I rescue the merchant's daughter Catherine, who was kidnapped by pirates, Captain Dorse will be able to take me there.	po.	
60	I've freed Catherine, and now I need to get back to Maurice with her.	po.	
65	I have to assemble a team for the robbery, it is necessary to recruit Dominic's coachman in Rhöneis.	po.	
70	Dominic has agreed to join the team, if I return the horse stolen from him, the kidnapper may be in Kingsbridge.	po.	
75	I took the horse from the thief, now I need to return it to Dominic.	po.	
80	I've assembled the entire team for the robbery, now it's necessary to return to Hugh in New Garand farmlands.	po.	
83	The whole team is assembled, it is necessary to discuss the robbery plan and get down to case.	po.	
85	I need to get to the Whitetoad mansion in New Garand.	po.	
87	I need to get to the Whitetoad vault in the basement.	po.	
90	I need to find the key to the magic barrier to get into the Whitetoad vault.	po.	
93	I found the key to the magic barrier, now I need to get into the Whitetoad vault and pick up the contents.	po.	
95	I need to leave the Whitetoad mansion.	po.	
97	I need to get to Dominic to leave New Garand with the loot.	po.	
100	I have obtained relic of family Whitetoad needed to destroy the seals.	po.	
