progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Very strange things.	po	
10	Wizard Balthazar asked me to help him with something, but I refused.	po.	
15	I've agreed to help Wizard Balthazar, and I'm supposed to meet him or his apprentice at Kingsbridge.	po.	
20	I've agreed to help Wizard Balthazar, and I'm supposed to meet him or his apprentice at Kingsbridge.	po.	
25	It is necessary to meet Balthazar in the old tower, which is located in Southern Bluemist River.	po.	
30	I have to help Balthazar deal with outsider.	po.	
35	Outsider is dead, now we need to talk to Balthazar.	po.	
40	I have to find a courier who was supposed to deliver some kind of magical artifact to Balthazar, he should be searched in Southern Bluemist River.	po.	
45	I found the courier's corpse, but there was no artifact with it, perhaps the orcs took it, their camp should be somewhere nearby in Southern Bluemist River.	po.	
50	I have found a magical artifact, and it is necessary to deliver it to Balthazar in the old tower, which is located in Southern Bluemist River.	po.	
60	I need to find and defeat powerful aliens in order to collect enough substrate for Balthazar, I will be able to find them in these places Thir Ridges, Northwest Sagar Forest, North Sagar Forest, Nekhar Valley, East Inori, Steel Coast, Solligan Stripe.	po.	
70	I've collected enough substrate, now I need to find out what Balthazar is up to.	po.	
72	I intervened in the confrontation between the mage and his apprentice, taking the side of mage.	po.	
75	I intervened in the confrontation between the magician and his apprentice, taking the side of mage's apprentice.	po.	
77	The mage's apprentice is dead, now we need to talk to Balthazar.	po.	
80	Balthazar is dead, now we need to talk to his apprentice.	po.	
82	I helped Zeref get into Balthazar's tower.	po.	
85	I have to help Zeref deal with Balthazar.	po.	
87	Balthazar and his apprentice are dead, and now we need to talk to Zeref.	po.	
90	I have to deal with Zeref.	po.	
100	I helped Balthazar complete his life's work.	po.	
110	I prevented Balthazar from activating his device, which could have destroyed many lives.	po.	
120	I helped Zeref get Balthazar's device.	po.	
130	I killed the Zeref so that no one would get the Balthazar device.	po.	