progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	The Ancient Seal	El Antiguo Sello	
10	Hirge is concerned about some dreams she's been having lately. She wants to pay a visit to Father Mantros, in the Sanctuary of Irossia.	Hirge está preocupada por sueños que ha tenido ultimamente. Me ha pedido visitar al Padre Mantros, en el Santuario de Irossia.	
20	"Hirge and I should visit Mount Orogg, west of Irossia, and talk to Brother Tarlus; he is the leader of the monks that guard the Sacred Seal. It is possible that it is weakening."	Hirge y yo deberíamos visitar el Monte Orogg, al oeste de Irossia, y hablar con el Hermano Tarlus, líder de los monjes que guardan el Sello Sagrado. Es posible que se esté debilitando.	
30	Brother Tarlus opened for us the Forbidden Pits of Mount Orogg. Together with Hirge I need to reach the Chamber of the Seal, somewhere deep into the Pits. Hirge has confessed me that her divine blood is the only thing that can renew the seal, and her life must be sacrificed to protect the Kingdoms.	El Hermano Tarlus nos ha permitido acceder al Foso Prohibido del Monte Orogg a Hirge y a mí. Debemos encontrar la Cámara del Sello, en los profundo del Foso. Hirge me ha confesado que sólo su sangre divina puede renovar el sello, sacrificando su vida por salvar los Reinos.	
40	It is a trap! The monks have turned into servants of the evil spirits. I must defeat Tarlus.	¡Era una trampa! Los monjes se han convertido en servidores del mal. Debo derrotar a Tarlus.	
50	The Seal at Mount Orogg is safe and the evil monks won't be able to desecrate it. We should report to Father Mantros, in Irossia.	El Sello del Monte Orogg está a salvo, y los malvados monjes ya no pueden dañarlo. Deberíamos informar al Padre Mantros, en Irossia.	
100	The Seal at Mount Orogg is safe and the evil monks won't be able to desecrate it.  Father Mantros completed her training as a cleric.	El Sello del Monte Orogg está a salvo, y los malvados monjes ya no pueden dañarlo. El Padre Mantros completó su entrenamiento como clérigo.	
