progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	Forgotten Lore	Secretos Perdidos	
10	The Loreseekers believe one of their members died years ago in the Tomb in Lannegar Valley. I should investigate.	Los Buscadores de Secretos, un grupo de sabios exploradores, créen que uno de sus miembros murió hace años en la tumba del Valle de Lannegar. Debería investigar.	
20	"I found Hendrik's remains and his journal. Hendrik was examining ancient Tolassian tombs, looking for information about a certain artifact called ""The Eye of Tol"". I should give this back to Anton Gerdt in Kingsbridge."	"He encontrado losr estos de Hendrik y su diario. Hendrikestaba examinando antiguas tumbas Tolassian, buscando información acerca de un artefacto llamado ""El Ojo de Tol"". Debería entregar el diario a Anton Gerdt en Kingsbridge."	
30	I brought back Hendrick's journal to Anton Gerdt, in [BLUE]Kingsbridge[]. He might have other jobs for me in the future.	He entregado el diario de Hendrik a Anton Gerdt, en Kingsbridge. Puede tener más trabajos para mí.	
40	I need to find out about Zaniel the Loreseeker. She was investigating local legends in Kingsbridge.	Debo investigar el destino de otra Buscadora de Secretos, Zaniel. Ella estaba investigando leyendas locales en Kingsbridge cuando desapareció.	
45	I heard that Zaniel the Loreseeker ventured into the Deadwood long ago, and never returned. The Deadwood is a place feared by everyone...	He oido que Zaniel la Buscadora se aventuró en Deadwood hace mucho tiempo y jamás regresó. Deadwood es un lugar temido por todos...	
50	I found Zaniel's body, and her journal. She was worried about the rise of the undead in the recent years, and was looking for a Tolassian ruin somewhere near the course of the Bluemist River, but she couldn't find it. I should return this journal to [BLUE]Anton Gerdt in Kingsbridge[].	He encontrado el cuerpo de Zaniel y su diario. Estaba preocupada acerca del ascenso de muertos vivientes en los últimos años, y buscaba una tumba Tolassian en el curso del rio Bluemist, pero nunca la encontró. Debería devolver este diario a [BLUE]Anton Gerdt en Kingsbridge[].	
60	I returned Zaniel's journal to Anton Gerdt. He still needs to find the third missing Loreseeker	He llevado el diario de Zaniel a Anton Gerdt, aun necesita encontrar al tercer Buscador de Secretos	
70	Anton Gerdt is now on the track of the third missing Loreseeker. She was Loremaster Riella, a rather famous and respected wise woman who was trying to locate ancient Tolassian underground tunnels near New Garand.	Anton Gerdt me ha hablado del tercer Buscador de Secretos. Era la Maestra del Conocimiento Riella, una mujer sabia que intentaba encontrar antiguos túneles Tolassian cerca de New Garand	
80	I defeated the evil necromancer that was keeping Riella captive.	Derroté al nigromante que había capturado a Riella.	
90	I defeated the evil necromancer that was keeping Riella captive, now I should save her and take her back to Anton Gerdt. He'll be waiting in the Loreseekers' Library, in New Garand.	Derroté al nigromante que había capturado a Riella, la Maestra del conocimiento. Ahora debería llevarla sana y salva hasta Anton Gerdt, que me espera en la Gran Biblioteca, en New Garand.	
95	I was trying to rescue Riella but she died. I should report all this to Anton Gerdt. He'll be waiting in the Loreseekers' Library, in New Garand.	Intenté rescatar a Riella, pero murió. Debería informar a Anton Gerdt, que me espera en la Gran Biblioteca, en New Garand.	
100	I helped Anton Gerdt to find out about the three lost Loreseekers, and I saved Riella's life	Ayudé a Anton Gerdt a localizar a los tres Buscadores de Secretos perdidos, y salvé la vida de Riella.	
110	I helped Anton Gerdt to find out about the three lost Loreseekers, but I couldn't save Riella	Ayudé a Anton Gerdt a localizar a los tres Buscadores de Secretos perdidos, pero no pude salvar a Riella.	
