progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	The cursed locket			
10	I accidentally summoned a ghost and decided to help him break the curse. Now I need to find Jack's killers in Kingsbridge.			
11	They put me in solitary confinement			
13	I used the lock pick I found to pick the lock. The guards didn't notice anything, so it was time to find my stuff.			
14	By applying your sophisticated mind you have unlocked the lock.			
15	A pathetic grate can't stop a hero. Kicked the door in.			
16	As a law-abiding citizen, I decided to do my time.			
17	Bring a bottle of rum to the guard at Kingsbridge.		
18	The gatekeeper has taken offence and won't talk anymore, try to find other sources of information.		
21	Jack's house stood outside the town wall of Kingsbridge by the river. A little above the gate was a path into the woods..... Time to go and visit.			
22	The house is trashed, Jack's friends are dead. I managed to find the cultists' orders. Looks like one of Jack's killers is lying here... I should try dipping the medallion in his blood.			
23	The house is trashed, one of Jack's friends killed by cultists. For my purposes, though, it'll do just fine. The body's still fresh.			
24	I've been released from the SHU. All charges were dropped. But I never got my medallion back. I have no idea where to find it now.			
25	I managed to escape. I think it's worth a search. The rest of the quest is unwritten			
26	I managed to escape, but the Captain still has the medallion. Guess I'll have to find a way to get it back.			
27	I heard a rumour that Jack's ghost was discovered in a tavern. Might be worth a look.			
28	I managed to get Jack's medallion from a strange mage in a New Garand tavern. The quest is further underwritten			
29	Once again, I have the Medallion. One way or another, the witch-hunting squad problem is solved. Time to find Jack's second killer. Freetown is waiting for me! (The quest is further underwritten)			
50	Отдам четыре зелья.			
100	Лич убит в честном бою.			
110	Я отдал медальон Личу. Эта нежить выглядит довольно опасно.			
120	Мне удалось уничтожить магический щит Лича, но сам он уцелел. Моих сил не хватило, для победы. Пришлось пойти на компромисс и отдать медальон			
130	Я отдал четыре зелья и получил награду			