progress	description	description_ES	actions
0	The World is a Stage	El Mundo es un Escenario	
10	I walked into a play being represented in New Anthur, and Cordelia pretended I was one of the actors.	Al acercarme a una obra de teatro que se representaba en New Anthur, Cordelia fingió que yo era uno de los actores.	
15	I walked into a play being represented in New Anthur, and Cordelia pretended I was one of the actors. However I stopped the act quickly, as I don't like such things. A spectator called Polonius seemed to be happy about the outcome.	Al acercarme a una obra de teatro que se representaba en New Anthur, Cordelia fingió que yo era uno de los actores. Pero no le seguí el juego, a mí no me gustan esas cosas. Un espectador llamado Polonius parecía contento con el resultado.	
20	I walked into a play being represented in New Anthur, and Cordelia pretended I was one of the actors. I pretended as well, playing the role of a character. I should probably talk to her.	"Al acercarme a una obra de teatro que se representaba en New Anthur, Cordelia fingió que yo era uno de los actores. Yo le seguí el juego; probablemente debería hablar con ella."	
30	"I must find the missing actor Laertes in New Anthur. He said this representation of ""Sir Rudolph and the Manticore"" would be the best ever, and people would talk of it for generations, but he didn't explain why. Then he entered New Anthur and hasn't returned yet."	Debo buscar al actor desaparecido Laertes. Antes de desaparecer le dijo que esta representación de 'Sir Rudolph y la Mantícore' sería famosa y nombrada en todos los reinos, pero no dijo por qué. Entonces entró en New Anthur, y desde entonces no ha vuelto.	
40	I am trying to locate Laertes the actor, missing from New Anthur. I found an old man in the docks that met him and told him about an islet in which long ago there was a Manticore nest. Laertes asked the man for directions and sailed away. 	Estoy intentando encontrar a Laertes el actor desaparecido en New Anthur. He encontrado a un viejo en los muelles que le contó que había un islote en el que una vez hubo un nido de Mantícores. Laertes parecía emocionado y navegó en un bote siguiendo sus indicaciones.	
50	I have decided to sail to the islet and try to find Laertes. The old man agreed to carry me on his boat. I hope I can find him alive.	He decidido navegar al islote y buscar a Laertes. El anciano ha aceptado traerme en su bote.	
55	I have met Laertes and challenged him to a duel to the death.	He encontrado a Laertes y le he desafiado a un duelo a muerte.	
60	I have met Laertes. Much like Sir Rudolph in the play, he has found that the corpse of the Manticore he sought, was actually a live Manticore! He refuses to leave without trying to hunt the beast.	He encontrado a Laertes. Al igual que Sir Rudolph en la obra, se ha encontrado con que el cadáver de la mantícore en realidad no es tal cadaver, y el monstruo vive. Pero se niega a marcharse de la isla sin derrotar a la bestia.	
70	Laertes and I defeated the monster together! He returned to the Islander camp in New Anthur, I should probably talk to him once he is back to the stage.	Laertes y yo hemos vencido al monstruo. Él ha regresado al campamento de los isleños en New Anthur, debería hablar con él cuando vuelva al escenario.	
100	Laertes returned and is now preparing the ultimate performance.	Laertes ha regresado y está preparando la representación definitiva.	
110	Laertes died... I should probably tell Cordelia about this. Or maybe that aristocrat Polonius would be more grateful for hearing the news.	Laertes murió... Posiblemente debería decírselo a Cordelia, en New Anthur. O quizá ese aristócrata Polonius estaría más agradecido al oir la noticia.	
200	The islanders in New Anthur lost their main actor, and will be forced to leave their camp soon.	Los isleños en New Anthur perdieron a su actor principal, y pronto tendrán que abandonar su campamento.	
